feat: add Skills section to AI docs (6 task-based skills) (#2957)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/ai/skills/managing-orgs.mdx

---
title: Managing orgs skill

> description: Build B2B multi-tenant apps with Clerk Organizations, roles, and permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '`managing-orgs` skill'
description: Add the `managing-orgs` skill to your AI agent to help it build multi-tenant B2B applications with Clerk Organizations.
```
